NELLY HERRERA
Help Desk Support Specialist
Hidalgo MX 42119
1986-01-10
E-mail: nechersan@yahoo.com
Phone: +52 (55) 27729918
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nelly-herrera/

EXPERIENCE

HELP DESK SUPPORT SPECIALIST

 - TRESHNA ENTERPRISES


2018-02 - now
Responsibilities:

Provide end-to-end complex technical and operational support for issues logged in the ticketing system to GymMaster Software customers worldwide.Resolving all issues via email, phone, and remote screen sharing. Carrying out scheduled training with clients.Document discovered issues and bugs in order to improve and develop products that have a global reach. Guidelines and procedures documents drafting and organization.
EXECUTIVE ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT

 - UNITY NETWORK


2017-04 - 2018-01
Responsibilities:

Admin Support and Recruitment.Management, logistics and team organization.Operational, accounting, and financial support -Develop proposals for alternative economic systems based on natural ecology and sustainabilityCreate, organize and update scalable systems, processes, position descriptions, and documentation.Assist CEO with tasks organizing in order to ease the workload.


SALES AND MARKETING ASSOCIATE

 - CERTIS FINANCIAL


2015-09 - 2017-01
Responsibilities included:

Coordinating the Marketing and Sales Department. Managing several marketing projects effectively at the same time.Resolving client’s inquiries through the phone, SMS or email.Logging clients inquiries and contact details  into the CRM for further follow up.Explaining the terms of sale to clients.Spanish translation for all  documents and notices.Training property managers in order to improve our operation and standardize policies and procedures.Creating and posting ads to different websites.Updating and overall maintenance of the website and social media.Revising constantly company&#39;s online content determinate changes and adjustments required.



EDUCATION
UNIVERSIDAD DEL VALLE DE MéXICO


2009-02 - 2013-06
B.S. in Communication and Media Studies



SKILLS
Well organized &amp; Detail-oriented 

, Analytical Thinking and Research

, Conflict Management

, Empathy

, Active Listening

, Customer Service

, Communication (Written &amp; Verbal)

, Teamwork

, Planning &amp; Strategic Thinking  

, Patience

, Leadership

, Management



LANGUAGES
Spanish

, English



Enthusiastic, reliable, resourceful bilingual help desk support specialist with strong organizational, leadership, and communication skills. A detail-oriented woman experienced promoting conflict resolutions and structuring timetables efficiently. Friendly and respectful team player with the ability to work independently with no or little supervision. 
